ansible/roles/pulp-user/README.md, before:

Pulp User
=========

This role creates and customizes a user account that can host and run certain
Pulp 3 components.

Pulp 3 requires several components to act in concert. Some of these components
are installed system-wide, such as a relational database and an AMQP broker.
Other components can be installed into a Python virtualenv. This role creates
and customizes a user account that can host the virtualenv-based components, and
it exports several (per-host) useful variables.

Example Usage
-------------

```yaml
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - pulp-user
```

Variables
---------

The variables that this role uses, along with their default values, are listed
below:

```yaml
# The user that will host Pulp virtualenvs. This should be a dedicated user due
# to security concerns. This user's home directory is made world-readable, among
# other things.
pulp_user: pulp
```

This role exports the following facts (per-host variables):

* `pulp_user_home` The path to the pulp user's home directory.
* `pulp_devel_dir` The directory where git clones of code should exist.
* `venv_dir` The directory in which virtualenvs should be created.
* `pulp_venv` The name of the virtualenv in which Pulp should be installed.
* `pulp_smash_venv` The directory in which Pulp Smash should be installed.

Commit message:

Use a single variable to control dev extras
Drop the `pip_install_extras` and `supplement_bashrc` variables. In
their place, add a variable named `pulp_install_strategy`:

> The strategy to use when creating and configuring this user, and when
> installing Pulp and its plugins. If "pypi," perform the minimum tasks
> needed to create a functional Pulp installation. If "development,"
> install code from source in editable mode, install extra dependencies,
> install Bash aliases, etc. If some other value, raise an error.

Why do this? Well, consider what might happen if we want to support the
use case of installing Pulp in a different manner — say, from source,
but not in editable mode or with developer tools. How would this be
done?

With the current strategy, we might need to add another variable called
`install_from_source` or `pip_install_source` or somesuch. While this
might work, this produces an exponential increase in the number of
variable combinations. With n variables, there are 2^n variable
combinations. (Or more, if a variable isn't a boolean.) And presumably,
many of those combinations wouldn't be valid.

By using a single variable to control how Pulp is installed, the number
of variable combinations scales linearly. If there are three values for
the `pulp_install_strategy` variable, then there are three variable
values to test out. Hopefully, this is also more straightforward and
easy to understand.

ansible/roles/pulp-user/README.md, after:

Pulp User
=========

This role creates and customizes a user account that can host and run certain
Pulp 3 components.

Pulp 3 requires several components to act in concert. Some of these components
are installed system-wide, such as a relational database and an AMQP broker.
Other components can be installed into a Python virtualenv. This role creates
and customizes a user account that can host the virtualenv-based components, and
it exports several (per-host) useful variables.

Example Usage
-------------

```yaml
- hosts: all
  roles:
    - pulp-user
```

Variables
---------

The variables that this role uses, along with their default values, are listed
below:

```yaml
# The strategy to use when creating and configuring this user, and when
# installing Pulp and its plugins. If "pypi," perform the minimum tasks needed
# to create a functional Pulp installation. If "development," install code from
# source in editable mode, install extra dependencies, install Bash aliases,
# etc. If some other value, raise an error.
pulp_install_strategy: pypi

# The user that will host Pulp virtualenvs. This should be a dedicated user due
# to security concerns. This user's home directory is made world-readable, among
# other things.
pulp_user: pulp
```

This role exports the following facts (per-host variables):

* `pulp_user_home` The path to the pulp user's home directory.
* `pulp_devel_dir` The directory where git clones of code should exist.
* `venv_dir` The directory in which virtualenvs should be created.
* `pulp_venv` The name of the virtualenv in which Pulp should be installed.
* `pulp_smash_venv` The directory in which Pulp Smash should be installed.
